Considering Blog app is only for internal use

1. Will be deploying Virtual network, and the services required for the application is deployed on it.

2. Web app is deployed to host frontend application with auto scaling enabled based on cpu usage and memory.

3. Api app is deployed to host backend application with auto scaling enabled based on cpu usage and memory.

4. Azure ADLS is deployed to store images/videos..etc needed for backend,frontend application. Web app's system 
    assigned identity is given access on ADLS so that it can retrive the needed.(Storage Data Blob Contributer access can be given)

5. Key Vault is deployed to store all the secrets needed and through access policy, secret get access can be given to we apps. 
    ex: database connection string, Logic app flow endpoint,,etc

6. Web apps is linked to application insight to monitor exception failures, successful hits, errors. 
   Log analytics workspace can be deployed along with this to collect logs of all the resources using diagnostic settings.

7. Logic App will be used for approval/notifications, backend can trigger the flow using http trigger based on request.
   SignalR can be used for chat/messaging purpose.

8. As the application is internal no need of using application gateway or make entry in DNS zone and expose the endpoint.
   linking private dns zone to vnet and making entry for all services private endpoints will serve the job.

9. As user are getting reached till 2000, web app's horizontal scaling by increasing instances and scale up features will help enough to handle the traffic.

10. TLS certificates will be added on web apps for secure connection.

Infrastucture as code

11. This infra can be deployed using terraform and maintained at Azure repos.

CI/CD 

12. CI - Created such a way using build pipeline that on every master PR automatic build is triggered 
         which involves static code analysis, building code and droping build as artifact

13. CD - Manual release pipeline will created, Based on the decided artifact to deploy pipeline is triggered which picks artifact and deploys to web apps

14. Staging in web apps is used to make blue/green deployments during new release.
